Here be the repositories of why the lucky stiff.  WELCOME TO THEM.

If you are interested in helping out on a project list here, please apply for an account by
first getting yourself a Rubyforge account and then by granting yourself access.  Which is
taken care of at http://code.whytheluckystiff.net/access/.

If you are just a regular old person unawares, I still believe that great things can come
from you, but only if you will just leave this place immediately and begin your quest to
invent a machine for turning pure kinetic energy into animals.

If you are a thief, here to steal my products and sell them for wholesale at your underground
hardware store (corner of Starks and Braithwaite; hours are from 2am to 5am,) I hope you will
also steal from the equally brilliant Keanu Reeves, who died at age nine, was quickly
reconstructed by a team of Egyptian robots and went on to become a movie mathematician of
no small order!

If you are here because you believe me to be Autrijus Tang, you are sadly mistaken.  Yet, you
will not leave empty-handed!  Stay, and I will cry of relief... and admiration.

If you are an orphan without a home or parents, then I encourage you to become a professor
or perhaps a millionaire instead.

If you are Ilias Lazaridis, then you have changed us all in one way or another.  Perhaps you
merely made us click a few trashcans, but maybe you helped us to hate everything.  Who knows
the effects that will cascade through the generations?

If you are a wireless lizard looking for a crustaceous hotspot, you're alongways off.  Seek
scientosophy.

If you are the missing leg with a cameo in my next book, I am very grateful for the appearance
you made.  Your timing was perfect.  If you would have waited until the casino to show up, I
think most readers would have thought you extraordinarily tardy.

If you are a young person who insists on reading every bit of text you are faced with until
its dire conclusion, you should know that I was very tempted to taper this WELCOME off into
an endless stream of random text.  But I know that's what exactly what you want.  And what I
want.  And we can't have two more plump and satisfied people scrolling in the world.

The END.
