From robin.shannon at gmail.com  Sun Jun 12 00:55:36 2005
From: robin.shannon at gmail.com (Robin Shannon)
Date: Sun Jun 12 00:51:18 2005
Subject: A ruby by any other name would smell as sweet
Message-ID: <623d733805061121557e8617b1@mail.gmail.com>

Good timezone all,

In dr. Cham's timeline (ch 5) there is a minor gramatical mistake:

when 1930..1933
     "Took up a respectable career insuring pecan nurseries. 
Financially stable, he \
      spent time in Brazil and New Mexico, buying up rare paper-shell
pecan trees.  Just \
      as his notariety came to a crescendo: gosh, he tried to buried
himself alive."

That should be "gosh, he tried TO BURY himself alive." since it is
usually frowned upon to conjugate an infinative.
Anyway, im only up to the fifth chapter, but so far it seem pretty
damn good, but i think it goes a bit fast for those of us with no
previous  programing experience. Perhaps some of the concepts should
have two examples, or perhaps i should stop reading it when im
hung-over. One of the two.

paz y amor,
-rjs.

ps just a way off-topic question. I noticed the word faucet in an
earlier chapter, a quick googling told me this was a wacky americanism
for tap. Just wondering if Americans know what tap means, and if so is
there a rule for when americans say faucet instead of tap?

pps Why use two syllables where one will do :p

-- 
hit me: <robin.shannon.id.au>
jab me: <robin.shannon@jabber.org.au>

This work is released into the public domain.
<http://creativecommons.org/licenses/publicdomain>

From robin.shannon at gmail.com  Sun Jun 12 03:30:03 2005
From: robin.shannon at gmail.com (Robin Shannon)
Date: Sun Jun 12 03:25:46 2005
Subject: me again
Message-ID: <623d733805061200305ae15c21@mail.gmail.com>

Ch 5 again.

In chapter three, we briefly looked at instance variables and decided
to respect them as attributes. (The at symbol could mean attribute.)
Instance variables can used to store any kind of information, but
they're most often use to store bits of information about the object
represented by the class.

that should be

...Instance variables can BE used to store...

paz y amor,
-rjs.

-- 
hit me: <robin.shannon.id.au>
jab me: <robin.shannon@jabber.org.au>

upgrade to ubuntu linux: <http://www.spreadubuntu.org/>

From why at poignantguide.net  Tue Jun 21 18:26:04 2005
From: why at poignantguide.net (why the lucky stiff)
Date: Tue Jun 21 18:21:31 2005
Subject: A ruby by any other name would smell as sweet
In-Reply-To: <623d733805061121557e8617b1@mail.gmail.com>
References: <623d733805061121557e8617b1@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <42B893FC.3050008@poignantguide.net>

Robin Shannon wrote:

>In dr. Cham's timeline (ch 5) there is a minor gramatical mistake...
>  
>
Robin's alterations are added.  I will publish an update this evening.

>Perhaps some of the concepts should have two examples, or perhaps i should stop reading it when im
>hung-over. One of the two.
>  
>
I'm adding examples to chapter 5, which I think needs them the most.

>ps just a way off-topic question. I noticed the word faucet in an
>earlier chapter, a quick googling told me this was a wacky americanism
>for tap. Just wondering if Americans know what tap means, and if so is
>there a rule for when americans say faucet instead of tap?
>  
>
I will definitely change this if the shorter is more predominant.

_why
From why at poignantguide.net  Tue Jun 21 18:38:40 2005
From: why at poignantguide.net (why the lucky stiff)
Date: Tue Jun 21 18:34:10 2005
Subject: fragment of "The Colors Have Left" [1/6]
Message-ID: <42B896F0.7090102@poignantguide.net>

Since so many of you are hanging out here now, travelling through these 
dry spots between chapters, I thought I would entertain you with some 
serialized stories.

This one is called "The Colors Have Left" and it's a six-part story.  
Every week or so.  And you can certainly offer back editing 
contributions.  What a great thing that would be.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

We ran into each other at church and right away we recognized each other 
as orphaned twins, separated at birth. She looked so much older than I, 
so tall and upright. First, I saw her from the side. Her teeth came 
together and her elbow wrinkled at me. Most of all I recognized her eyes 
and nose, right where the raccoons wear their mask, for I had her very 
same mask. The layout, the flickerings, the shine of the skin, everything.

"You are Char Tenniol," I said to her.

"And you are Penn," she said.

"What are you doing on Saturn?" I asked.

She flattened her collar with her hand, patted it. "Well, now I am 
beginning to think I am here to reunite with my lost brother."

As if we had a purpose! I laughed at that and she smiled. Her eyes 
smiled, her elbow smiled. There, already we shared a sense of humor. 
Look at us, both standing in the dark corridor at the age of twelve, 
both driven by selflessness to worship under the roof of Kingdom Fled.

"Did you know? We're twins," I said.

"I've never heard that," she said and wiped eyelashes from her face. "I 
don't think it's true."

"Curses," I said. "It did sound like a lie."

A choir moved into the chapel. I could see the flash of robes through 
the parted door.

"Who told you the lie?" she asked.

"Our uncle Jeff," I said. "He's a filmmaker. Dead, though."

"Please tell me he died beneath the glacier."

I nodded. "He did."

"What a meaningless life he must have had." She paused and touched her 
lip thoughtfully.

"It's true," I said.

"Yeah, I'm sure you can tell." she said. "I was under there for four 
months. I lost this leg. It served no great purpose, though. I'm sure of 
that more now than I ever have been."

"You are lucky to have lost," I said politely.

I swept my hand down and brushed fallen eyelashes from my shirt. The 
choir was singing: /Take now thine depature, Lord. Upon the towering 
sea. Where'er thou goest, please, tell me not. No blood nor bone is left 
in me./ They sang with such unbelievable dissonance, such poorly 
calculated rhythm, the hymn tore apart and uncharted notes spilled 
everywhere, up the walls, into the bowls of chandelier. I was powerfully 
moved, to the brink of tears.

"The tenors are all mentally retarded," she said, peering back over her 
shoulder, through the cracked doorway. "It's cute to watch. The other 
sections really look up to them and try to mimick them."

I held back my cry, in favor of a crawling chill that rushed through my 
neck.

"It's sad that our parents died," I said.

"Actually, I don't think it is," she said.

"That's true," I said. "That's very true. It's not been sad for me."

"But how wonderful that we've been separated. I'm so glad we've stayed 
apart so long."

I caught her hand. "I haven't had to think about it at all."

"I just think it adds so much to the purposelessness of my life to have 
you away and alive and so terrifically safe." She had that cool 
detachment which was so common in the church. But it wasn't like it had 
rubbed off on her. She spoke like she'd invented it. Everything she said 
was heaved out in a very obvious downplay, which exhausted me in a 
fashion. Yet, how I loved her again, within seconds. An ethereal love, 
as if for pure starlight. I wanted her to be tied against me. I hurt 
deeply, frustrated that the talking would cease, even in this stilted, 
regimented tone. I held her hand tightly, but was unable to convey 
anything at all through it.

"And you're fused?" I asked, and looked just past her, at the giantess 
duckling that glowered behind her, wheezing lightly. Char affirmed that 
she had been fused to other animals under the icy crush of the glacier. 
I clumsily swung my head up to greet the broad beak and puny eyes of the 
massive chicky, who wore the same dress that my sister wore, although my 
sister's share of the material was minor. She amounted to nothing more 
than a knee patch, sewn to the hip of the bird. The bird's stance raised 
Char off the ground, leaving Char's free leg to swing carefree, idly 
swaying, as if from a porch swing.

Allowed a better investigation of my sister's couplings, I saw that just 
beyond them, fastened toward the bird's rear, were a swordfish (also 
wrapped in the folds of the dress) and a little man with a porkpie hat 
whose mouth was frozen in a treacherously wide scream. The little man's 
eyes darted around in primal panic.

"I'm not sure what to say," I said. "I'm not really... I mean... Do they 
speak?" In particular, the bird's wheezing had grown louder since I had 
acknowledged it.

"I speak for all of us," she said. "There's nothing you need to say. I 
love what you said. That you're not sure. It's really such a perfect 
thing to say. It leaves us right where we are here." She brought her 
hand up and brushed away piles of eyelashes from her dress.

I helped myself to another long look at the wrinkle which then danced 
out on her elbow.



-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: http://rubyforge.org/pipermail/poignant-stiffs/attachments/20050621/6210349f/attachment.htm
From mich.han at gmail.com  Tue Jun 14 11:58:44 2005
From: mich.han at gmail.com (Michael Han)
Date: Thu Jul  7 13:08:12 2005
Subject: expansion pak ruby installation comments
Message-ID: <a305fd55b0066e5b4d681dc83820e630@gmail.com>

Hi why and list,

great work, i cannot wait to see the tiger explore something ruby 
debugger related.

now some comments on installing ruby, as described in your expansion 
pak:

OSX:
as far as I know, if you compile ruby from source it will install to 
/usr/local/ by default so you will need to sudo or become root to write 
there for the make install.
Tiger (10.4) should have 1.8.2 already preinstalled?

FreeBSD:
you can also use sysinstall (the pretty curses thing) to get the binary 
package for ruby or use pkg_add -r ruby18 .
And you will not be able to use sudo on FreeBSD if you haven't 
installed it from ports/packages.

happy installing,

Michael

